# Thoughtfulr

Thoughtfulr is an app that sends users daily positive messages, straight to their phone or email.

The pool of daily messages sent to users are all generated by users themselves, so to ensure that the pool continues to grow, users must “send to receive.” In other words, a user will only receive their daily message if they have sent out more messages than they have already received.

Daily messages are sent to users with the moniker and location of the user who sent it. Users select their moniker and location when they register for an account.

##### Technologies used (back end):
- Ruby, Rails
- PostgreSQL
- Twilio API / twilio-ruby gem
- Delayed::Job

##### Technologies used (front end):
- Javascript, jQuery, AJAX
- HTML 5 / CSS 3
- Bootstrap
- Handlebars

#### What else I’d like to implement:
- I’d like to integrate the MailGun API so users have the option to receive messages to either their phone or their email.
- SimpleStorage
- Would like to display to users how many times messages they’ve sent have been sent to other users
- Wasn’t able to implement CRUD actions in user preferences.
- App is currently sending all users a message daily, regardless of whether or not they have sent out more messages than they have received.

#### How I implemented text-sending:
- Got Twilio API running - told it exactly which message to send and exactly who to send it to. Triggered it with a manual click in my navbar.
- Next, needed messages to send based on certain criteria: users who are opted in, who have sent more messages than they've received. For each user, find a random message that they didn’t send and that they haven’t yet received.
- Needed messages to send at specific times in the background - users don’t send themselves messages, so I needed to set up a job handler that would send out messages at specified times instead of when I click on something. Chose Delayed::Job (just have to install a gem, set up a Delayed::Jobs table that holds all of the jobs that need to be sent).
- Once messages were definitely sending when I told them to send, I created a Ruby script that I manually run that queues up all of the messages that need to be sent.

Link to front end: https://github.com/kristenlk/thoughtfulr-app

Link to back end: https://github.com/kristenlk/thoughtfulr-api

Links to wireframes:
https://moqups.com/kristenlk/5oE8EUue

##### User stories:
- As a user, I want to receive daily positive messages to my phone so I have some extra positive energy in my life!
- As a user, I want to send messages so I can receive my daily messages and contribute to thoughtfulr's pool of positivity.
- As a user, the daily messages I receive shouldn’t have been sent by me, and I shouldn’t have received the message prior.
- As a user, I want to see the moniker and location of the person who sent the message I’m receiving.
- As a user, I want to select the time of day my messages are sent to me.
- As a user, I want to select the moniker and location that appear on the messages I send.

Created for Project 2 in General Assembly Boston's Web Development Immersive course.
